articles/Admin/Resources.md, before:

# Resources
The resources page controls the resources for a given game and global resources

After selecting the game or global resource page the admin has two options; manage resources available or manage resources for users and groups

### Managing available resources
The managing resources screen shows the resources assosiated with the selected platform, with the ability to add new resources or remove existing resources from the platform.
##### Creating Resources
Creating resources will show a prompt requesting the admin to enter the data relating to the resource
##### Deleting Resources
Deleting a resource will remove it from the table for the selected platform

### Managing resources for users and groups
Users and groups can have a number of resources associated with a platform, this page allows admins to switch between user and group tables to manage resources of a selected actor, by selecting an actor the admin will be shown a list of the resources for the platform and the value the actor currently has for the give resource, using the text entry box, the admin can update values in the table.

Commit message:

Edit articles to be more structured and contain links to features documentation for further information

articles/Admin/Resources.md, after:

# Resources
*For more information on resources view the [documentation](/articles/Resources.html)*

The resources page controls the resources for a given game and global resources

After selecting the game or global resource page the admin has two options:
* Manage available resources
* Manage resources for users and groups

### Manage available resources
The managing resources screen shows the resources assosiated with the selected platform, with the ability to add new resources or remove existing resources from the platform.
##### Creating Resources
Creating resources will show a prompt requesting the admin to enter the data relating to the resource
##### Deleting Resources
Delete button will delete the selected resource from the table

### Manage resources for users and groups
Users and groups can have a number of resources associated with a platform, this page allows admins to switch between user and group tables to manage resources of a selected actor, by selecting an actor the admin will be shown a list of the resources for the platform and the value the actor currently has for the give resource, using the text entry box, the admin can update values in the table.
