articles/Admin/Users.md, before:

# Users
The users page allows admins to do the following actions; Create new users, Manage users' friends, Manage users' groups, Delete users

### Creating New Users
The admin can create new users by using the "Create new User" button, this will prompt a popup to show requesting a username and password to be entered for the new user

### Managing users' friends
Each user can have friends, pending friend requests and sent friend requests, from the friends page the admin can remove accepted friends, cancel sent friend requests and accept/reject requests from other users.
The 'Add Friend' button will prompt a user name to be entered, the name entered must be an existing user for the friend request to be sent

### Managing users' groups
Each user can be a member of a group, from the groups page the admin can make the user join or leave groups.
The "Add Group" button will prompt a group name to be entered, the name entered must be an existing group for the user to join the group successfully

### Deleting users
The delete button will simply delete the user selected after showing a warning message

Commit message:

Edit articles to be more structured and contain links to features documentation for further information

articles/Admin/Users.md, after:

# Users
*For more information on users view the [documentation](/articles/Users.html)*

The users page allows admins to do the following actions:
* Create new users
* Manage users' friends
* Manage users' groups
* Delete users

### Create new users
The admin can create new users by using the "Create new User" button, this will prompt a popup to show requesting a username and password to be entered for the new user

### Manage users' friends
Each user can have friends, pending friend requests and sent friend requests, from the friends page the admin can remove accepted friends, cancel sent friend requests and accept/reject requests from other users.
The 'Add Friend' button will prompt a user name to be entered, the name entered must be an existing user for the friend request to be sent

### Manage users' groups
Each user can be a member of a group, from the groups page the admin can make the user join or leave groups.
The "Add Group" button will prompt a group name to be entered, the name entered must be an existing group for the user to join the group successfully

### Delete users
Delete button will delete the selected user from the table
