doc/features/feature_overview.md, before:

---
uid: feature_overview
---

# Feature Overview

This section provides detailed description of SUGAR’s features. 

The high level features of SUGAR in the current version (July 2016) can be grouped under :  
	
- [Achievement](achievement.md) : Tasks accomplishable by actors, either binary or incrementally.
- [Actor](actor.md) : Individuals or groups using the system. 
- [GameData](gameData.md) : Storage system for game and system objects. 
- [Game](game.md) : Individual instance of application.
- [Group](group.md) : Group of actors. 
- [Leaderboard](leaderboard.md) : Comparison of measurements between actors, resources, skills. 
- [Relationship](relationship.md) : Connections between two or more actors. 
- [Resource](resource.md) : Generalised game object storage for any game variable. 
- [Skill](skill.md) : Represent a players proficiency or ability.
- [User](user.md) : Individual user of the system. 
- [Matches](match.md)
	
## Roadmap

See [Roadmap](xref:roadmap) for new features being implemented for future releases.

Commit message:

documentation updated for evaluation data and match data

doc/features/feature_overview.md, after:

---
uid: feature_overview
---

# Feature Overview

This section provides detailed description of SUGAR’s features. 

The high level features of SUGAR in the current version (July 2016) can be grouped under :  
	
- [Game](game.md) : Individual instance of application.
- [Actor](actor.md) : Individuals or groups using the system. 
- [User](user.md) : Individual user of the system. 
- [Group](group.md) : Group of actors. 
- [Relationship](relationship.md) : Connections between two or more actors.
- [Achievement](achievement.md) : Tasks accomplishable by actors, either binary or incrementally.
- [Skill](skill.md) : Represent a players proficiency or ability.
- [Leaderboard](leaderboard.md) : Comparison of measurements between actors, resources, skills. 
- [EvaluationData](evaluationData.md) : Storage system for game and system objects. 
- [GameData](gameData.md) : Game specific data storage.
- [Resource](resource.md) : Transferable and consumable item storage. 
- [Matches](match.md) : Matches and match specific data storage.


	
## Roadmap

See [Roadmap](xref:roadmap) for new features being implemented for future releases.
